README.md, before:

# CondaWorkshop

__Download Miniconda 3.x for your system__: http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html


Here is basic outline for PuPPy's Anaconda workshop. It'll be hands on so we'll work through installing conda, setting up environments and get a feel for conda usage.

In the meetup, ask what OS the participants will be using.

* Start with survey responses to motivate the content
* Plan for roughly 4 hours, hands on, workshop

## Content

1. Intro to Conda (1 hr 15mins, +15mins margin for Qs)
    * Motivation: why environments and conda
    * conda & conda env or virtual env & pip
    * Anaconda Python Distribution
    * Setting up your environment
        * Working with conda
            * Basic conda commands
            * Managing environments
            * Environment files
        * Examples and documentation

   __10 min Break__

2. Conda recipes (30 mins)
    * [Example recipe](https://github.com/sandhujasmine/CythonExample)
    * [Anaconda cloud](https://anaconda.org)

   __30 min Break__

3. Advanced topics (1 hours + 15mins Qs)

    * conda-forge (30 mins)
        * community driven and supported conda recipes/packages

    * anaconda-cluster (30 mins)
        * manage environments with anaconda cluster

   * Develop in conda environment: illustrate how well binary dependencies are handled

Commit message:

Install only if you don't have conda

README.md, after:

# CondaWorkshop

__If you don't have conda installed - download Miniconda 3.x for your system__: http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html


Here is basic outline for PuPPy's Anaconda workshop. It'll be hands on so we'll work through installing conda, setting up environments and get a feel for conda usage.

In the meetup, ask what OS the participants will be using.

* Start with survey responses to motivate the content
* Plan for roughly 4 hours, hands on, workshop

## Content

1. Intro to Conda (1 hr 15mins, +15mins margin for Qs)
    * Motivation: why environments and conda
    * conda & conda env or virtual env & pip
    * Anaconda Python Distribution
    * Setting up your environment
        * Working with conda
            * Basic conda commands
            * Managing environments
            * Environment files
        * Examples and documentation

   __10 min Break__

2. Conda recipes (30 mins)
    * [Example recipe](https://github.com/sandhujasmine/CythonExample)
    * [Anaconda cloud](https://anaconda.org)

   __30 min Break__

3. Advanced topics (1 hours + 15mins Qs)

    * conda-forge (30 mins)
        * community driven and supported conda recipes/packages

    * anaconda-cluster (30 mins)
        * manage environments with anaconda cluster

   * Develop in conda environment: illustrate how well binary dependencies are handled
